docs: Fix maven-plugin README (#671)
slsa-framework/slsa-verifier: experimental/maven-plugin/README.md

The plugin is in its early stages and is not ready for production.

Things that work well are:

1. Resolving dependencies and checking whether they have provenance files in the remote repository.
2. Running the slsa-verifier against dependencies with provenance files.
3. Outputting the result from the slsa-verifier.

Things that are unfinished:

1. What to do with the results from the verifier. Currently we have not taken a stand on what the Maven verification plugin should do with the output from the slsa-verifier. This is a UX decision more than it is a technical decision.

> ## Using the Maven verification plugin

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Using the Maven Verification Plugin
```

### Invoking it directly

> It can be run from the root of a given project file. A pseudo-workflow looks like this:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Maven Verification Plugin can be run from the root of a given project file. A pseudo-workflow looks like this:
```
